application of the week
photo organizing photo manager pro
This photo manager can be called
one of the best tools for people
accustomed to store the entire home collection
snapshots in folders and on shelves creating
the desired thematic folders you have to
just add the photos you want with
galleries a number of sorting rating options
meta and exif data password protection as
the application as well as individual private
albums deserve special attention
export opportunities you can create
own ftp or http server and
send a hundred or two photos to
any direction in just a few
minute built-in capability
photo editor limited only
zoom and rotate functions
pictures design chief horse manager
pictures pictures in the app
the ability to display
public albums and hide and albums
which the user would not want
flaunt each collection
you can choose an individual cover
lovers of regular photo shoots will please
built-in calendar of events
posting photo with date binding
parts of the pictures has
his arsenal only tools
scaling and trimming and embedded
sorting filters are convenient only for
separation of photos from video but
animation and effects in applications are worthy
generous praise
organizing photos with the editor
that de
this is a great opportunity to create
beautiful digital albums with a minimum
effort
reach automatically sorts all snapshots
stored in your smartphone's memory
depending on a given criterion date
geolocation or aspect ratio
selected photos can be right there
combine bright album submitted
miniatures or improvised
collage with individual settings
sorting
developers paid special attention
application smoothness and optimization
processing an impressive amount
photos
It takes a minimum of quick pick time
the quik peak application is built like this
way that the boundary between the ecosystem
android and this photo manager
gets lost immediately after launch you don't
only access your karelia
smartphone without cuts
but you can dispose of impressive
the number of settings that allow
sort and group pictures
by almost any parameter
create folders and albums browse
comprehensive file information
including exif data
share photos on the wai network
fi and upload outfit cloud albums
storage access
straight from the quick pick menu
the built-in editor provides only
quick cropping photos with
ability to set as wallpaper
for launcher
May pics May pix offers the whole
range of opportunities for people
decided to take up the creation of beautiful
album with your favorite pictures in earnest
firstly you have the opportunity
tight control over the list of photos
who will fall into it in the second of May
pix offers a variety of tools
customize the look of the album and
includes a series of cross-cutting themes for everything
application interface
finally may pics you find inline
photo editor and effects studio with
an impressive collection of tools for
editing manager is equipped and
password access functions
vivid photo calendar and fast
export to dropbox
paid version removes all restrictions
on the number of stored photos
gallery
and plus organize a collection of photos
on the smartphone having spent a minimum of time
gallery and plus interface will help
applications somewhat resembles
standard photo program on ios but in
in this case
This adaptation can be safely attributed to
the dignity of the manager the highlight of the gallery
a plus is the ability to sort
photos by creating color palette
album provides as a direct
moving photos from other folders
and up to the creation of duplicate
the main emphasis was made by the developers
namely the performance of so
built-in photo editor in the gallery
a plus is absent and is represented as
fast integration other applications for
Reserve copy
used albums facebook and cloud from
amazon
with you was fox and week app
subscribe to our channel put
likes and download the best app
see you in seven days bye